Update plan-onedrive-enterprise.md (#2009)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: OneDrive/plan-onedrive-enterprise.md

description: "This article is a guide for enterprises on using OneDrive. Learn about features, planning, configuration, deployment, and management of OneDrive."
---

# OneDrive for Business guide for enterprises

> With OneDrive for Business, you can easily and securely store and access your files from all your devices. You can work with others regardless of whether they're inside or outside your organization and terminate that sharing whenever you want. OneDrive helps protect your work through advanced encryption while the data is in transit and at rest in data centers. OneDrive also helps ensure that users adhere to your most rigorous compliance standards by enabling them to choose where their data lives and providing detailed reporting of how that data has changed and been accessed. OneDrive connects you to your personal and shared files in Microsoft Microsoft 365, enhancing collaboration capabilities within Microsoft 365 apps. With OneDrive on the web, desktop, or mobile, you can access all your personal files plus the files shared with you from other people or teams, including files from Microsoft Teams and SharePoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With OneDrive for Business, you can easily and securely store and access your files from all your devices. You can work with others regardless of whether they're inside or outside your organization and terminate that sharing whenever you want. OneDrive helps protect your work through advanced encryption while the data is in transit and at rest in data centers. OneDrive also helps ensure that users adhere to your most rigorous compliance standards by enabling them to choose where their data lives and providing detailed reporting of how that data has changed and been accessed. OneDrive connects you to your personal and shared files in Microsoft 365, enhancing collaboration capabilities within Microsoft 365 apps. With OneDrive on the web, desktop, or mobile, you can access all your personal files plus the files shared with you from other people or teams, including files from Microsoft Teams and SharePoint.
```

### Manage OneDrive for Business by using third-party MDM tools

Intune isn't the only MDM option you can use to manage OneDrive apps and settings. For info about managing OneDrive for Windows 10 by using VMware AirWatch, see [Modern Management for Windows 10](https://www.air-watch.com/solutions/windows-10-management/). For info about managing OneDrive for Windows 10 by using MobileIron, see [Windows 10 in the Enterprise](https://www.mobileiron.com/solutions/multi-os-management/windows-10).

## Manage OneDrive for Business by using Group Policy

You can use Group Policy to manage OneDrive settings for domain-joined computers in your environment. For info, see [Use Group Policy to control OneDrive sync app settings](use-group-policy.md). Using Group Policy, you can [redirect and move Windows known folders to OneDrive](redirect-known-folders.md), and [enable silent account configuration](use-silent-account-configuration.md).

> [!VIDEO https://www.microsoft.com/videoplayer/embed/RE2CnSx]

## Manage OneDrive for Business using Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager

> Because Windows devices that you use Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager to manage are either domain joined (and therefore managed in Active Directory) or administered through Intune, the role of Configuration Manager in managing OneDrive settings is limited. When using Configuration Manager to manage OneDrive, Microsoft recommends using either Group Policy or Intune, depending on whether the device is domain joined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Windows devices that you use Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager to manage are either domain joined (and therefore managed in Active Directory) or administered through Intune, the role of Configuration Manager in managing OneDrive settings is limited. When using Configuration Manager to manage OneDrive, we recommend using either Group Policy or Intune, depending on whether the device is domain joined.
```
